New serverless pattern - apigw-http-api-waf-cloudfront-terraform (#2442)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-http-api-waf-cloudfront-terraform/README.md

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [Python 3.12](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3120/) installed
* [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/install) (Terraform) installed

## Deployment Instructions

1. Create a new directory, navigate to that directory in a terminal and clone the GitHub repository:
    ``` 
    git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-patterns
    ```
2. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd apigw-http-api-waf-cloudfront-terraform
    ```
3. Install the Terraform dependencies

    ```bash
    terraform init -input=false
    ```

> 4. Preview the resources that will be deployed with Terraform in your AWS account

Reviewer: Executing the command results in an error, pls provide variables.tf as well

```bash
terraform plan
╷
│ Error: Reference to undeclared input variable
│
│   on main.tf line 3, in provider "aws":
│    3:   region = var.region
│
│ An input variable with the name "region" has not been declared. This variable can be declared with a variable "region"
│ {} block.
╵
╷
│ Error: Reference to undeclared input variable
│
│   on main.tf line 12, in locals:
│   12:   cloudfront_domain_enabled = (var.cloudfront_domain_name != "")
│
│ An input variable with the name "cloudfront_domain_name" has not been declared. This variable can be declared with a
│ variable "cloudfront_domain_name" {} block.

...
```

> # Protect HTTP API Gateway with Amazon CloudFront and AWS WAF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Protect Amazon API Gateway with Amazon CloudFront and AWS WAF
```

> This pattern demonstrates how to increase the security posture of HTTP API Gateways against common attack patterns such as SQL injection, cross-site scripting (XSS) or DDOS attacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern demonstrates how to increase the security posture of Amazon API Gateway against common attack patterns such as SQL injection, cross-site scripting (XSS) or DDOS attacks
```
